hey there it's adrian welcome to
abundant living look what I got a
coconut this yeah this is a thai young
coconut and you can get them at your
local health food store or asian market
and i love these I love to drink the
water this is coconut waters really good
for you and I take the meat coconut meat
and I make a coconut chocolate pudding
that is amazing so I'm going to show you
how to do that today super quick super
easy and really delicious so you take
this coconut now listen kids the way I
open a coconut isn't necessarily the way
to do it it is a way to do it there's
lots of videos I know on youtube and you
can google how to open a coconut but
though I do it it's extremely
therapeutic so I have a good knife that
I've ruined now using it to open my
coconuts and a little mallet here that I
got from my beloved husband and
cameraman so here we go I make a little
triangle at the top isn't that fun day
alright alright cool so you open it up
and I'm going to put some of the water
in the blender there we go the right
okay now kai is gonna help me fairy
princess kai is here with me today can
you put this coconut meat I've already
extracted the meat of two yes babe two
coconuts i'm going to hack this one open
yep put it all in good job now here I'm
just going to open up the rest of this
coconut I've taken the water out yeah
it's done and I split it open now when
you get these coconuts you kind of never
know what's good you're going to get the
meat in here is very thick which is
great sometimes you get a jelly which is
means it's very young and that's fine if
you open it up in its pink or purple
it's no good don't use it and make sure
when you buy your coconuts they're nice
and white and clean and not brown and no
big purple spots or anything like
and then I just scoop out the meat do
you want some babe don't eat some no
okay Kyle loves coconut and coconut
water and coconut pudding of course so
he's the meat of three coconuts now if
you get your some coconuts and you open
them up and they have just that jelly
which is fine it won't make a super
thick pudding so i will add nuts to that
cashews or a lot of times i use brazil
nuts to make it a little bit thicker but
this meat is great and i won't need to
add any nuts but just so you know that's
an option let's just get this out of
here and then i'll show you yes kya i'm
going to show and tell everybody right
now me just scoop this out and just
careful you want to make sure you get
all the stuff off here that's cacao
powder we're going to make it chocolate
by making a cow powder okay so quickly
here we're going to add some agave for
sweetness okay here we go here we go
then we're going to add our cacao powder
okay here we go yep here do another put
as little or as much of this as you'd
like then we've got of course freshman
Ella beam which everybody knows I love
good job babe thank you that's enough
and the little pinch of sea salt all
right and we yep we got that going blend
it up
here we are oh this looks good let's put
it in here Wow look at that is that the
most amazing thank I let's taste here we
go you're gonna taste first you want mom
to taste mmm oh my god who is that the
best I've ever made is so good so yummy
woohoo chocolate coconut pudding it
rocks hey before I say bye I just want
to thank Jess she won last month's
contest is going to get a copy of green
for life will you want some more all
right that's okay sometimes guys like it
all right we'll see you next time enjoy
your pudding booba